---
title: Privacy Policy
subtitle: 
---

## Our stance on Privacy

Cabinit, from the ground up, was created with privacy in mind, so we absolutely don’t care about collecting your personal data, and do not collect any personal data. We want to ensure that Cabinit has your full trust, so we will go into specifics about what we use and collect. 

## Analytics

Cabinit sends usage events for “Screen Views”, “Cabin Setting” selections (i.e., the color you picked), and debugging information. 

As far as your content stored into Cabinit goes, we do not know the contents of your data, nor do we take screenshots of your app experience. We do, however, collect data on file extension types. For example, if you use only “PNG” files, we want to know how to make that experience better for you, so we may send data that says “this user uses lots of PNG files”. With this data, we can help ensure that we provide more features to our users and ensure that Cabinit can accomplish more. Again, the contents of the data are unviewable, and that is how it should be. Our Analytics are sent through Firebase. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit [Google's Privacy Policy](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/). You can opt out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Services by going to [Google Analytics Opt-out](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout).

## RevenueCat

RevenueCat is used for anonymized purchase tracking. This means that when someone makes a purchase in the app, we see that a purchase was made at a particular time in a particular country; no other data is collected, and so this purchase data cannot be linked to a user’s identity. More information on RevenueCat’s privacy policy can be found [here](https://www.revenuecat.com/privacy).

## Cabinit collects anonymized metadata

Cabinit collects anonymized metadata using Apple’s built-in metrics system. This system sends data such as session length, crash reports, device type, and locale.

## Device

Optionally, you can enable Face-ID Authentication for your cabins. We do not collect any data on Face-ID.

Apple and Firebase may collect device of your device type, this can help us debugging issues you are seeing

## Sharing Data and Information

Just as you can add content to your cabin, you can just as easily share it out yourself. Cabinit is in no way responsible for the protection of the data you try to share/export out of the app. You and your service providers are solely responsible for the protection of such information. Please review any applicable policies and procedures before sharing your information therein.

## Your Consent

By using Cabinit, you consent to this privacy policy.

## Support and Questions

If you have any questions, comments, or concerns, please don’t hesitate to reach out to us.

## Changes to this Policy

Changes to this privacy policy may periodically be made and posted here. Visit this page at any time to check for updates.

**Last updated:** October 27, 2022